# OBWFinalPOC
LauraClass
# Introduction 
The owners of General Putnam Motel Diner are creating an app so that their patrons can order their meals as Corona has caused the diner to close its doors to the public. Using the app, customers will be able to place takeout orders. In the future, the management wants to put the app on a tablet so that patrons can order from their seats in the diner (once the diner opens to the public). 
This API provides a proof of concept (POC) to demonstrate how the Burger Meal is ordered and received by the kitchen staff, and the responds the system generates once an order is received. Once approved by the customer, a new application will be created to include the entire menu. 
# Authentication 
Supports PDF, DOC, DOCX, and JPG files. 
# Errors 
The General Putnam Motel Diner API follows standard HTTP status codes for success or failure of an API call. 

|Status|	Code Description|
|------|---------|
200 - OK|	Your meal was successfully ordered.
400 - Bad Request|	Your order was unacceptable. The server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax. Most likely, you made unsupported additions to the meal request.
401 - Unauthorized	|The user must authenticate itself to get the requested response.
402 - Request Failed	|Your order was not received. Unstable Internet connection or a problem with the server is a likely cause.
403 - Forbidden	|Order of item not served during the time order was made. For example: order of burgerMeal during the breakfast time.  
404 - Not Found	|The meal modifications you requested were not found. Order cannot be completed as is  
429 - Too Many Requests|	The user has sent too many requests in a given amount of time ("rate limiting").




# Rate Limits 
The General Putnam Motel Diner API will support sending multiple orders in a single request, with a maximum of 6 orders per request. This is not the case for the POC API
# Content Type 
Accept: application/json 
Content-Type: application/json 
# Dates & Times 
All times are represented in Eastern Standard Time (EST). 
All dates are in ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mmTZD 
## Meal Times 
Each meal type has a specific time range in which you can order it. 

Meal Type	|ISO 8601 Time Range	|Time
------|-------|--------
Breakfast|	YYYY-MM-DDT06:00:00-05:00 - YYYY-MM-DDT11:59:59-05:00	|06:00 - 11:59
Lunch|	YYYY-MM-DDT12:00:00-05:00 - YYYY-MM-DDT16:59:59-05:00	|12:00 - 16:59
Dinner|	YYYY-MM-DDT17:00:00-05:00 - YYYY-MM-DDT23:59:59-05:00 	|17:00 - 23:59

# Currency 
All prices are in United States dollar (USD). 
# Base URI 
https://api.gpmd.com 
# Resources 
The General Putnam Motel Diner API contains the following resources. 
## Meals 
Meals are how you order food at the General Putnam Motel Diner. 
## GET/ tableNo.
This GET is used to get the bill for the customer based on the table number of the customer. The number 99 represents takeout orders. 

Property	|Data Type|	Description|	Default
------|--------|--------|---------
orderNum|	UUiD|	Specifies the order number – automatically generated by server. |	 
timeStamp|	Date	|All dates are in ISO 8601 format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mmTZD	| 
Item	|int|	Specifies the itemOrdered placement on the bill|1
ItemOrdered|	string	|Specifies the mealType ordered 
Acceptable response: BurgerMeal, Salad, ChickenMeal, FishNChips, none
Menu items available change based on timestamp of order. For Example: Lunch Menu 12:00-17:00	|none
Cost	|float	|Specifies the cost of the meal. Shows two decimal places.	|0.00

 ## Response Schema 
